Add Logging Instructions for Linux (#5)
PlayFab/PlayFabMultiplayer: TraceScripts/README.md

xbtrace /x:<xboxip> stop
```

## iOS, macOS, Android, and Linux

> The PlayFab Multiplayer C++ library for iOS, macOS, and Android includes logging capabilities with a configurable verbosity level. Logging configuration is defined in `PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json` file which can be deployed alongside your application.

Reviewer: Add Linux in this sentence!

    Please note that if you've modified the `logFolder` property of your `PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json`, then you'll need to update the ADB command accordingly.
```
$> adb pull /sdcard/PlayFabLogs/log/ <target local directory>
```

### Linux: Instructions

1. Download the [`PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json` file](Linux/PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json) from this repo.
2. Open a new terminal.
3. Create your `config` directory on the Linux device.
```
$> mkdir $HOME/PlayFabLogs/config/
```
4. You will need to modify the `logFolder` property of the `PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json` file.
```
"logFolder": "/home/<your-username>/PlayFabLogs/log/"
```
- Please replace `<your-username>` with your username on your Linux machine. If you are unsure of your username:
```
$> echo $HOME
```
5. Copy the `PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json` file into your `$HOME/PlayFabLogs/config/` directory.
```
$> cp <filepath>/PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json $HOME/PlayFabLogs/config/
```

> 6. Run the application. If using the default configuration of `PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json`, logs should automatically be written to `/home/<your-username>/PlayFabLogs/log/`.

Reviewer: I think you should mention the 'logFolder' property rather than having an if using default configuration clause.

Author: that's what I was thinking as well, but I do already mention it in step 4, so wasn't sure

Reviewer: Actually I see that your step 7 was same for Android, so, feel free to bring this back for Linux also.

Author: I'm gonna change it to Scott's suggestion above, that's much cleaner imo

    Please note that if you've modified the `logFolder` property of your `PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json`, then you'll need to update the ADB command accordingly.
```
$> adb pull /sdcard/PlayFabLogs/log/ <target local directory>
```

### Linux: Instructions

1. Download the [`PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json` file](Linux/PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json) from this repo.
2. Open a new terminal.
3. Create your `config` directory on the Linux device.
```
$> mkdir $HOME/PlayFabLogs/config/
```
4. You will need to modify the `logFolder` property of the `PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json` file.
```
"logFolder": "/home/<your-username>/PlayFabLogs/log/"
```
- Please replace `<your-username>` with your username on your Linux machine. If you are unsure of your username:
```
$> echo $HOME
```
5. Copy the `PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json` file into your `$HOME/PlayFabLogs/config/` directory.
```

> $> cp <filepath>/PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json $HOME/PlayFabLogs/config/

Reviewer: Do you think displaying this command is necessary? Personally, finding it redundant but ok if you think it adds value.

Author: Prefer to over-inform rather than under-inform - plus it makes it easy for folks picking this up to just copy and paste.

Reviewer 2: for the purposes of a second opinion, I also felt some of these instructions were a bit more verbose than I think we expect our target audience to need. 

for example, I'm not sure "open a terminal" needs to be a required step :) but also don't feel strongly enough that I'm happy deferring to your preference if you still prefer over-informing to underinforming.

Author: Yeah I also wasn't sure about that one on second read lol...I'll remove it.

```
6. Run the application.

> 7. Run the application. If using the default configuration of `PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json`, logs should automatically be written to `/home/<your-username>/PlayFabLogs/log/`. If not, logs will be written to the directory specified by the `logFolder` property of `PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json`.

Reviewer: Run the application is duplicated in steps 6 and 7.

> 7. Run the application. If using the default configuration of `PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json`, logs should automatically be written to `/home/<your-username>/PlayFabLogs/log/`. If not, logs will be written to the directory specified by the `logFolder` property of `PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json`.

Reviewer: 'If not, logs will be written to the directory specified by the `logFolder` property of `PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json`.'

Probaly, the above sentence without the 'if not' part is sufficient for step 7. In any case, the user will have to go manually and see what is the value of 'logFolder'.

Reviewer 2: I think Nassos's last suggestion for this line (at least how I read it) was more intended to be simplified like this

```suggestion
6. Run the application. Logs will be written to the directory specified by the `logFolder` property of `PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json`.
```

This is simpler since there's no condition about whether you did or didn't change the default configuration

Author: agreed, updated
